Create ui-c8y-1019-7-1-fix-flacky-test-y-2024-pm-in-device-protocol-sigfox-cy.md (#1767)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/ui-c8y-1019-7-1-fix-flacky-test-y-2024-pm-in-device-protocol-sigfox-cy.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fix flacky test y2024.pm in deviceProtocolSigfox.cy.ts [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5697)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Fix Flaky Test in Device Protocol Sigfox
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3347
version: 1019.7.1
---

> Fix flacky test y2024.pm in deviceProtocolSigfox.cy.ts [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5697)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Fixed a flaky test in the deviceProtocolSigfox.cy.ts file. This fixes test instability issues that were occurring.
```
